Internet cache for IP address resolution of a website
1. browser
2. OS
3. Router
4. ISP
5. DNS

DNS does a recursive search. i.e. go to '.' then go to 'com' then go to 'scaler'
every part of the URL is a node of the tree

Once an IP address is resolved, it connects to the server at the IP address using a TCP/IP connection also called TCP handshake

TCP handshake
1. Send a sync message to the server asking if it is open for connection
2. If server is open, it will send acknoledgement sync/acknoledgement
3. Client will send the acknoledgement packet back to the server

Now communication between client and server happens using HTTP

What is { "Connection": "Keep-Alive" }

Cookies:
- used for personalization of data
- provides 4kb of data
- cookie is shared automatically, bidirectionally
- can set expiry

what is cross-website cookie reading

sessionStorage gets cleared the moment the browser is closed

1xx - indicates an informational message only
2zz - success
3xx - Redirects the client to another URL
4xx - err on client
5xx - err on server

When an HTML is encountered, browsers from a DOM

HTML
    head
        script
        link
    body
        div

CSSOM: If a CSS file is encountered, it will associate with each HTML element
If a js file is encountered, same thing happen as CSS

HTML is rendered in the end, CSS ans JS file blocks the HTML rendering for until the files are loaded.

defer and async can be used to make it non blocking (<script defer></script><script async></script>)

defer: downloads html and js simultaneously, executes js only after both the files are downloads
async: download happens parallely. The moment js file downloading is complete, html is blocked and execution starts. once execution is done, html starts downloading again

static website: shows same result to every user
dynamic website shows different result to different user

how dows aws know which server to server
route53: provides mapping, i.e., if staging env is hit, go to this server
cloudfront (CDN)
load balancer
server: that runs the backend code